README.md, before:

# API Improver for WooCommerce #
**Contributors:** mariovalney  
**Donate link:** https://github.com/mariovalney/api-improver-for-woocommerce  
**Tags:** woocommerce, api, rest, products, mariovalney  
**Requires at least:** 4.7  
**Tested up to:** 5.6  
**Requires PHP:** 7.0  
**Stable tag:** trunk  
**License:** GPLv2 or later  
**License URI:** http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html  

A plugin to improve your API REST.

## Description ##

Improve your WooCommerce API REST without config.

[WooCommerce](https://wordpress.org/plugins/woocommerce/ "Install it first, of course") is a awesome plugin used by 5+ million WordPress websites to create e-commerce.

It's awesome and we love it but sometimes we need more from API REST.

## Endpoints ##

We support V3.

### /products ###

Will search for a category/tag by "name" and "slug" (in this order) if "id" is not provided.

In both cases, **we will not** create a new product category or tag. You can use the "aifw_api_v1_products_search_for_terms" filter to create it and return the "term_id".

Will search for attribute ID if it's not provided. Check [wc_attribute_taxonomy_id_by_name](https://woocommerce.github.io/code-reference/files/woocommerce-includes-wc-attribute-functions.html#function_wc_attribute_taxonomy_id_by_name) for more details.

### How to Use ###

Easy and quick!

Just activate "API Improver for WooCommerce" and it's done. No configurations.

### Translations ###

You can [translate API Improver for WooCommerce](https://translate.wordpress.org/projects/wp-plugins/api-improver-for-woocommerce) to your language.

### Review ###

We would be grateful for a [review here](https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/api-improver-for-woocommerce/reviews/).

### Support ###

* WooCommerce - 4.8 (API Version 3 supports 3.5.x or later, but we did not test it)

## Installation ##

First

* Install [WooCommerce](https://wordpress.org/plugins/woocommerce/) and activate it.

Next

* Install "API Improver for WooCommerce" by plugins dashboard.

Or

* Upload the entire `api-improver-for-woocommerce` folder to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory.

Then

* Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress.

## Frequently Asked Questions ##

### Does it works for another e-commerce plugin? ###

Nope. The intention here is to improve WooCommerce API REST.

### I want to add my customization to endpoints ###

Check filters on endpoints classes with "request_for_prepare_object_for_database" end.

### Can I help you? ###

Yes! Visit [GitHub repository](https://github.com/mariovalney/api-improver-for-woocommerce).

## Screenshots ##

### 1. Request to create a Product with a category without ID. ###
![1. Request to create a Product with a category without ID.](http://ps.w.org/api-improver-for-woocommerce/assets/screenshot-1.png)

### 2. Example to update a Product with both categories with and without ID. ###
![2. Example to update a Product with both categories with and without ID.](http://ps.w.org/api-improver-for-woocommerce/assets/screenshot-2.png)


## Changelog ##

### 1.0 ###

* It's alive!
* Improved endpoint "/products" to accept category/tag by "name" and "slug" if "id" is not provided.
* Improved endpoint "/products" to search for taxonomies by "name" for attributes if "id" is not provided.

## Upgrade Notice ##

### 1.0.0 ###

It's alive!

Commit message:

[Feat] Improved filter for not found terms and added gist with example

README.md, after:

# API Improver for WooCommerce #
**Contributors:** mariovalney  
**Donate link:** https://github.com/mariovalney/api-improver-for-woocommerce  
**Tags:** woocommerce, api, rest, products, mariovalney  
**Requires at least:** 4.7  
**Tested up to:** 5.6  
**Requires PHP:** 7.0  
**Stable tag:** trunk  
**License:** GPLv2 or later  
**License URI:** http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html  

A plugin to improve your API REST.

## Description ##

Improve your WooCommerce API REST without config.

[WooCommerce](https://wordpress.org/plugins/woocommerce/ "Install it first, of course") is a awesome plugin used by 5+ million WordPress websites to create e-commerce.

It's awesome and we love it but sometimes we need more from API REST.

## Endpoints ##

We support V3.

### /products ###

* Will search for a category/tag by "name" and "slug" (in this order) if "id" is not provided.

In both cases, **we will not** create a new product category or tag. You can use the "aifw_api_v1_products_search_for_terms" filter to create it and return the "term_id".

* Will search for attribute ID if it's not provided. Check [wc_attribute_taxonomy_id_by_name](https://woocommerce.github.io/code-reference/files/woocommerce-includes-wc-attribute-functions.html#function_wc_attribute_taxonomy_id_by_name) for more details.

### How to Use ###

Easy and quick!

Just activate "API Improver for WooCommerce" and it's done. No configurations.

### Translations ###

You can [translate API Improver for WooCommerce](https://translate.wordpress.org/projects/wp-plugins/api-improver-for-woocommerce) to your language.

### Review ###

We would be grateful for a [review here](https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/api-improver-for-woocommerce/reviews/).

### Support ###

* WooCommerce - 4.8

(API Version 3 supports 3.5.x or later, but we did not test it)

## Installation ##

First

* Install [WooCommerce](https://wordpress.org/plugins/woocommerce/) and activate it.

Next

* Install "API Improver for WooCommerce" by plugins dashboard.

Or

* Upload the entire `api-improver-for-woocommerce` folder to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory.

Then

* Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress.

## Frequently Asked Questions ##

### Does it works for another e-commerce plugin? ###

Nope. The intention here is to improve WooCommerce API REST.

### I want to add my customization to endpoints ###

For products, you can use the filter "aifw_api_v3_products_request_for_prepare_object_for_database" to change the request.

### Is there a way to create categories or attributes? ###

We will not create new terms but you can use the "aifw_api_v3_products_term_not_found". [Example](https://gist.github.com/mariovalney/78090bd7eaa064d6b27e44804fd34008).

### Can I help you? ###

Yes! Visit [GitHub repository](https://github.com/mariovalney/api-improver-for-woocommerce).

## Screenshots ##

### 1. Request to create a Product with a category without ID. ###
![1. Request to create a Product with a category without ID.](http://ps.w.org/api-improver-for-woocommerce/assets/screenshot-1.png)

### 2. Example to update a Product with both categories with and without ID. ###
![2. Example to update a Product with both categories with and without ID.](http://ps.w.org/api-improver-for-woocommerce/assets/screenshot-2.png)


## Changelog ##

### 1.0 ###

* It's alive!
* Improved endpoint "/products" to accept category/tag by "name" and "slug" if "id" is not provided.
* Improved endpoint "/products" to search for taxonomies by "name" for attributes if "id" is not provided.

## Upgrade Notice ##

### 1.0.0 ###

It's alive!
